Navigate to https://booking.com/.
Click the "Where are you going?" field.
Type "oahu".
Click "O'ahu" in the drop down.
Use the date picker to select dates May 31 through June 8.
Click the field containing a person icon and text like "3 adults 0 children 1 room".
Set the Adults field value to 3, then click Done.
Click "Search".
Click "Show on map".
Drag, scroll and zoom the map so that it excludes Honolulu and includes the east coast of Oahu, from Punaluu to Kailua.
In the left sidebar, click the checkbox next to Parking.
Repeat the "get details" task for each big blue link in the middle column.
Use the scrollbar on the right side of the middle column to display more results.
Stop after repeating the "get details" task 5 times.

"get details" task:

Save the big blue link text as the output key "title".
Save the text to the right of the photo below the blue link text as the output key "card".
Save the text formatted as currency starting with $ as the output key "price". Ignore any text in red or formatted with strikethrough.
Click the big blue link.
Click the largest image, wait for the page to load, and take a screenshot.
Save the screenshot with a unique name, and save the  filename in the output key "photos".
Click the Close link in the top right of the modal dialog.
Scroll down the page until Property highlights section is visible.
Save the screenshot with a unique name, and save the result save the filename in the output key "description".
Scroll down until a table with bed icons and people icons is visible, and take a screenshot.
Save the screenshot with a unique name, and save the result save the filename in the output key "beds".
Get the number of "single" or "twin", "full", "queen" and "king" beds. Do not include "sofa" beds.
Save the bed information in the output key "bed_count".
Close the browser tab and return to the search results page.
Use output to generate JSON in this format and save to results.json
{
  "title": "title",
  "card": "card",
  "price": "price",
  "photos": "photos_filename.png",
  "description": "description",
  "beds": "beds_filename.png",
  "bed_count": {
      "twin": 0,
      "full": 1,
      "queen": 1,
      "king": 0
}